He is a century-old Taoist
Sell bitterness and rape
I'm afraid I won't live for two hours
Two hours
Impossible grandpa
Pretty sister can't die
Grandpa
I have all these medicines ready for healing
Please save him
If it is an ordinary internal and external disease
These drugs might work
But his heart was damaged.
I'm afraid the medicine and food are useless.
Grandpa grandpa
I can't let him die.
Please think of a way.
There's only one way to teach him
What can you do, grandpa?
Light the seven-star lamp and borrow your life from the sky
Dot seven stars
Excuse me
Seven star lamp is also called soul lamp
Put seven oil lamps
According to the position of the Big Dipper
At the position of the North Star
Put on a natal lamp
Collect the power of the seven stars and borrow your life from the sky
If the natal lamp does not go out after seven days of concubine
Xiangtian should be kept for a season
One season is 12 years.
Why is it only 12 years?
Hey, he refers to the century-old willow fairy transformed into human form
Naked repair surgery after 12 years
You get an epiglottis.
Go and get ready, hey
Grandpa took care of everything you said
It's all up to providence
Seven stars for seven days and seven nights
Your beautiful sister will come to life